LICENSING OPTIONSWe offer options for organizations that want to purchase our cloud services, on-premises software, and SA. We licensesoftware to organizations under volume licensing agreements to allow the customer to acquire multiple licenses ofproducts and services instead of having to acquire separate licenses through retail channels. We use different programsdesigned to provide flexibility for organizations of various sizes. While these programs may differ in various parts of theworld, generally they include those discussed below. SA conveys rights to new software and upgrades for perpetual licenses released over the contract period. It also providessupport, tools, training, and other licensing benefits to help customers deploy and use software efficiently. SA is includedwith certain volume licensing agreements and is an optional purchase with others. Volume Licensing ProgramsEnterprise AgreementEnterprise Agreements offer large organizations a manageable volume licensing program that gives them the flexibility tobuy cloud services and software licenses under one agreement. Enterprise Agreements are designed for medium or largeorganizations that want to license cloud services and on-premises software organization-wide over a three-year period. Organizations can elect to purchase perpetual licenses or subscribe to licenses. SA is included. Microsoft Customer AgreementA Microsoft Customer Agreement is a simplified purchase agreement presented, accepted, and stored through a digitalexperience. A Microsoft Customer Agreement is a non-expiring agreement that is designed to support all customers overtime, whether purchasing through a partner or directly from Microsoft. Microsoft Online Subscription AgreementA Microsoft Online Subscription Agreement is designed for small and medium organizations that want to subscribe to, activate, provision, and maintain cloud services seamlessly and directly via the web. The agreement allows customers toacquire monthly or annual subscriptions for cloud-based services. Microsoft Products and Services AgreementMicrosoft Products and Services Agreements are designed for medium and large organizations that want to license cloudservices and on-premises software as needed, with no organization-wide commitment, under a single, non-expiringagreement. Organizations purchase perpetual licenses or subscribe to licenses. SA is optional for customers thatpurchase perpetual licenses. Open ValueOpen Value agreements are a simple, cost-effective way to acquire the latest Microsoft technology. These agreementsare designed for small and medium organizations that want to license cloud services and on-premises software over athree-year period. Under Open Value agreements, organizations can elect to purchase perpetual licenses or subscribe tolicenses and SA is included. Select PlusA Select Plus agreement is designed for government and academic organizations to acquire on-premises licenses at anyaffiliate or department level, while realizing advantages as one organization. Organizations purchase perpetual licensesand SA is optional. 28