D ynamicsDynamics provides cloud-based and on-premises business solutions for financial management, enterprise resourceplanning (―ERP‖), customer relationship management (―CRM‖), supply chain management, and other applicationdevelopment platforms for small and medium businesses, large organizations, and divisions of global enterprises. Dynamics revenue is driven by the number of users licensed and applications consumed, expansion of average revenueper user, and the continued shift to Dynamics 365, a unified set of cloud-based intelligent business applications, includingPower Apps and Power Automate. CompetitionCompetitors to Office include software and global application vendors, such as Apple, Cisco Systems, Meta, Google, IBM, Okta, Proofpoint, Slack, Symantec, Zoom, and numerous web-based and mobile application competitors as well as localapplication developers. Apple distributes versions of its pre-installed application software, such as email and calendarproducts, through its PCs, tablets, and phones. Cisco Systems is using its position in enterprise communicationsequipment to grow its unified communications business. Google provides a hosted messaging and productivity suite. Slack provides teamwork and collaboration software. Zoom offers videoconferencing and cloud phone solutions. Okta, Proofpoint, and Symantec provide security solutions across email security, information protection, identity, andgovernance. Web-based offerings competing with individual applications have also positioned themselves as alternativesto our products and services. We compete by providing powerful, flexible, secure, integrated industry-specific, and easy-to-use productivity and collaboration tools and services that create comprehensive solutions and work well withtechnologies our customers already have both on-premises or in the cloud. LinkedIn faces competition from online professional networks, recruiting companies, talent management companies, andlarger companies that are focusing on talent management and human resource services; job boards; traditional recruitingfirms; and companies that provide learning and development products and services. Marketing Solutions competes withonline and offline outlets that generate revenue from advertisers and marketers, and Sales Solutions competes with onlineand offline outlets for companies with lead generation and customer intelligence and insights. Dynamics competes with cloud-based and on-premises business solution providers such as Oracle, Salesforce, and SAP. Intelligent CloudOur Intelligent Cloud segment consists of our public, private, and hybrid server products and cloud services that canpower modern business and developers. This segment primarily comprises:• Server products and cloud services, including Azure and other cloud services; SQL Server, Windows Server, Visual Studio, System Center, and related Client Access Licenses (―CALs‖); and Nuance and GitHub.• Enterprise Services, including Enterprise Support Services, Microsoft Consulting Services, and Nuanceprofessional services. Server Products and Cloud ServicesAzure is a comprehensive set of cloud services that offer developers, IT professionals, and enterprises freedom to build, deploy, and manage applications on any platform or device. Customers can use Azure through our global network ofdatacenters for computing, networking, storage, mobile and web application services, AI, IoT, cognitive services, andmachine learning. Azure enables customers to devote more resources to development and use of applications that benefittheir organizations, rather than managing on-premises hardware and software. Azure revenue is mainly affected byinfrastructure-as-a-service and platform-as-a-service consumption-based services, and per user-based services such asEnterprise Mobility + Security. 21