REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMTo the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Microsoft CorporationOpinion on Internal Control over Financial ReportingWe have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Microsoft Corporation and subsidiaries (the ―Company‖) asof June 30, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by theCommittee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2022, based on criteria establishedin Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (UnitedStates) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2022, of the Company andour report dated July 28, 2022, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for OpinionThe Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for itsassessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report ofManagement on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’sinternal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOBand are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U. S. federal securities laws andthe applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan andperform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting wasmaintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financialreporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operatingeffectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considerednecessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial ReportingA company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding thereliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance withgenerally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies andprocedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect thetransactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions arerecorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accountingprinciples, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations ofmanagement and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timelydetection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on thefinancial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may becomeinadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures maydeteriorate./S/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLPSeattle, WashingtonJuly 28, 202288