• In-the-classroom learning, learning cohorts, our early-in-career Aspire program, and manager excellencecommunities.• Required learning for all employees and managers on topics such as compliance, regulation, companyculture, leadership, and management. This includes the annual Standards of Business Conduct training.• On-the-job ―stretch‖ and advancement opportunities.• Managers holding conversations about employees’ career and development plans, coaching on careeropportunities, and programs like mentoring and sponsorship.• Customized manager learning to build people manager capabilities and similar learning solutions to buildleadership skills for all employees including differentiated leadership development programs.• New employee orientation covering a range of topics including company values, and culture, as well asongoing onboarding programs.• New tools to assist managers and employees in learning how to operate, be productive, and connect in thenew flexible hybrid world of work. These include quick guides for teams to use, such as Creating TeamAgreements, Reconnecting as a Team, and Running Effective Hybrid Meetings. Our employees embrace the growth mindset and take advantage of the formal learning opportunities as well as thousandsof informal and on-the-job learning opportunities. In terms of formal on-line learning solutions, in fiscal year 2022 ouremployees completed over 4. 7 million courses, averaging over 14 hours per employee. Given our focus on understandingcore company beliefs and compliance topics, all employees complete required learning programs like Standards ofBusiness Conduct, Privacy, Unconscious Bias, and preventing harassment courses. Our corporate learning portal hasover 100, 000 average monthly active users. We have over 27, 000 people managers, all of whom must complete between20-33 hours of required manager capability and excellence training and are assigned ongoing required training each year. In addition, all employees complete skills training based on the profession they are in each year. New Ways of WorkingThe COVID-19 pandemic accelerated our capabilities and culture with respect to flexible work. We introduced a HybridWorkplace Flexibility Guide to better support managers and employees as they adapt to new ways of working that shiftparadigms, embrace flexibility, promote inclusion, and drive innovation. Our ongoing survey data shows employees valuethe flexibility related to work location, work site, and work hours, and while many have begun returning to worksites asconditions have permitted, they also continue to adjust hours and/or spend some of workweeks working at home, anothersite, or remotely. We are focused on building capabilities to support a variety of workstyles where individuals, teams, andour business can deliver success. OPERATING SEGMENTSWe operate our business and report our financial performance using three segments: Productivity and BusinessProcesses, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing. Our segments provide management with a comprehensivefinancial view of our key businesses. The segments enable the alignment of strategies and objectives across thedevelopment, sales, marketing, and services organizations, and they provide a framework for timely and rationalallocation of resources within businesses. Additional information on our operating segments and geographic and product information is contained in Note 19 –Segment Information and Geographic Data of the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10-K. Our reportable segments are described below. 19