T ools like search, news, and maps have given us immediate access to the world’s information. Today, through ourSearch, News, Mapping, and Browse services, Microsoft delivers unique trust, privacy, and safety features. MicrosoftEdge is our fast and secure browser that helps protect your data, with built-in shopping tools designed to save you timeand money. Organizational tools such as Collections, Vertical Tabs, and Immersive Reader help make the most of yourtime while browsing, streaming, searching, and sharing. We are committed to designing and marketing first-party devices to help drive innovation, create new device categories, and stimulate demand in the Windows ecosystem. The Surface family includes Surface Laptop Studio, Surface Laptop 4, Surface Laptop Go 2, Surface Laptop Pro 8, Surface Pro X, Surface Go 3, Surface Studio 2, and Surface Duo 2. With three billion people actively playing games today, and a new generation steeped in interactive entertainment, Microsoft continues to invest in content, community, and cloud services. We have broadened our approach to how wethink about gaming end-to-end, from the way games are created and distributed to how they are played, including cloudgaming so players can stream across PC, console, and mobile. We have a strong position with our large and growinghighly engaged community of gamers, including the acquisition of ZeniMax Media Inc., the parent company of BethesdaSoftworks LLC. In January 2022, we announced plans to acquire Activision Blizzard, Inc., a leader in game developmentand an interactive entertainment content publisher. Xbox Game Pass is a community with access to a curated library ofover 100 first- and third-party console and PC titles. Xbox Cloud Gaming is Microsoft’s game streaming technology that iscomplementary to our console hardware and gives fans the ultimate choice to play the games they want, with the peoplethey want, on the devices they want. Our Future OpportunityThe case for digital transformation has never been more urgent. Customers are looking to us to help improve productivityand the affordability of their products and services. We continue to develop complete, intelligent solutions for ourcustomers that empower people to stay productive and collaborate, while safeguarding businesses and simplifying ITmanagement. Our goal is to lead the industry in several distinct areas of technology over the long term, which we expectwill translate to sustained growth. We are investing significant resources in:• Transforming the workplace to deliver new modern, modular business applications, drive deeper insights, andimprove how people communicate, collaborate, learn, work, play, and interact with one another.• Building and running cloud-based services in ways that unleash new experiences and opportunities forbusinesses and individuals.• Applying AI to drive insights and act on our customer’s behalf by understanding and interpreting their needsusing natural methods of communication.• Tackling security from all angles with our integrated, end-to-end solutions spanning security, compliance, identity, and management, across all clouds and platforms.• Inventing new gaming experiences that bring people together around their shared love for games on anydevices and pushing the boundaries of innovation with console and PC gaming by creating the next wave ofentertainment.• Using Windows to fuel our cloud business, grow our share of the PC market, and drive increasedengagement with our services like Microsoft 365 Consumer, Teams, Edge, Bing, Xbox Game Pass, andmore. Our future growth depends on our ability to transcend current product category definitions, business models, and salesmotions. We have the opportunity to redefine what customers and partners can expect and are working to deliver newsolutions that reflect the best of Microsoft. 14