NOTE 19 — SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATAIn its operation of the business, management, including our chief operating decision maker, who is also our ChiefExecutive Officer, reviews certain financial information, including segmented internal profit and loss statements preparedon a basis not consistent with GAAP. During the periods presented, we reported our financial performance based on thefollowing segments: Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing. Our reportable segments are described below. Productivity and Business ProcessesOur Productivity and Business Processes segment consists of products and services in our portfolio of productivity, communication, and information services, spanning a variety of devices and platforms. This segment primarily comprises:• Office Commercial (Office 365 subscriptions, the Office 365 portion of Microsoft 365 Commercialsubscriptions, and Office licensed on-premises), comprising Office, Exchange, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Office 365 Security and Compliance, and Microsoft Viva.• Office Consumer, including Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions, Office licensed on-premises, and otherOffice services.• LinkedIn, including Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions.• Dynamics business solutions, including Dynamics 365, comprising a set of intelligent, cloud-basedapplications across ERP, CRM, Customer Insights, Power Apps, and Power Automate; and on-premises ERPand CRM applications. Intelligent CloudOur Intelligent Cloud segment consists of our public, private, and hybrid server products and cloud services that canpower modern business and developers. This segment primarily comprises:• Server products and cloud services, including Azure and other cloud services; SQL Server, Windows Server, Visual Studio, System Center, and related Client Access Licenses (―CALs‖); and Nuance and GitHub.• Enterprise Services, including Enterprise Support Services, Microsoft Consulting Services, and Nuanceprofessional services. More Personal ComputingOur More Personal Computing segment consists of products and services that put customers at the center of theexperience with our technology. This segment primarily comprises:• Windows, including Windows OEM licensing and other non-volume licensing of the Windows operatingsystem; Windows Commercial, comprising volume licensing of the Windows operating system, Windowscloud services, and other Windows commercial offerings; patent licensing; and Windows Internet of Things.• Devices, including Surface and PC accessories.• Gaming, including Xbox hardware and Xbox content and services, comprising first- and third-party content(including games and in-game content), Xbox Game Pass and other subscriptions, Xbox Cloud Gaming, third-party disc royalties, advertising, and other cloud services.• Search and news advertising. Revenue and costs are generally directly attributed to our segments. However, due to the integrated structure of ourbusiness, certain revenue recognized and costs incurred by one segment may benefit other segments. Revenue fromcertain contracts is allocated among the segments based on the relative value of the underlying products and services, which can include allocation based on actual prices charged, prices when sold separately, or estimated costs plus a profitmargin. Cost of revenue is allocated in certain cases based on a relative revenue methodology. Operating expenses thatare allocated primarily include those relating to marketing of products and services from which multiple segments benefitand are generally allocated based on relative gross margin. 81