C orporate Social ResponsibilityCommitment to SustainabilityWe work to ensure that technology is inclusive, trusted, and increases sustainability. We are accelerating progress towarda more sustainable future by reducing our environmental footprint, advancing research, helping our customers buildsustainable solutions, and advocating for policies that benefit the environment. In January 2020, we announced a boldcommitment and detailed plan to be carbon negative by 2030, and to remove from the environment by 2050 all the carbonwe have emitted since our founding in 1975. This included a commitment to invest $1 billion over four years in newtechnologies and innovative climate solutions. We built on this pledge by adding commitments to be water positive by2030, zero waste by 2030, and to protect ecosystems by developing a Planetary Computer. We also help our suppliersand customers around the world use Microsoft technology to reduce their own carbon footprint. Fiscal year 2021 was a year of both successes and challenges. While we continued to make progress on several of ourgoals, with an overall reduction in our combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, our Scope 3 emissions increased, duein substantial part to significant global datacenter expansions and growth in Xbox sales and usage as a result of theCOVID-19 pandemic. Despite these Scope 3 increases, we will continue to build the foundations and do the work todeliver on our commitments, and help our customers and partners achieve theirs. We have learned the impact of our workwill not all be felt immediately, and our experience highlights how progress won’t always be linear. While fiscal year 2021 presented us with some new learnings, we also made some great progress. A few examples thatilluminate the diversity of our work include:• We purchased the removal of 1. 4 million metrics tons of carbon.• Four of our datacenters received new or renewed Zero Waste certifications.• We granted $100 million to Breakthrough Energy Catalyst to accelerate the development of climate solutionsthe world needs to reach net-zero across four key areas: direct air capture, green hydrogen, long durationenergy storage, and sustainable aviation fuel.• We joined the First Movers Coalition as an early leader and expert partner in the carbon dioxide removalsector, with a commitment of $200 million toward carbon removal by 2030. Sustainability is an existential priority for our society and businesses today. This led us to create our Microsoft Cloud forSustainability, an entirely new business process category to help organizations monitor their carbon footprint across theiroperations. We also joined with leading organizations to launch the Carbon Call – an initiative to mobilize collective actionto solve carbon emissions and removal accounting challenges for a net zero future. The investments we make in sustainability carry through to our products, services, and devices. We design our devices, from Surface to Xbox, to minimize their impact on the environment. Our cloud and AI services and datacenters helpbusinesses cut energy consumption, reduce physical footprints, and design sustainable products. Addressing Racial Injustice and InequityWe are committed to addressing racial injustice and inequity in the United States for Black and African Americancommunities and helping improve lived experiences at Microsoft, in employees’ communities, and beyond. Our RacialEquity Initiative focuses on three multi-year pillars, each containing actions and progress we expect to make or exceed by2025.• Strengthening our communities: using data, technology, and partnerships to help improve the lives of Blackand African American people in the United States, including our employees and their communities.• Evolving our ecosystem: using our balance sheet and relationships with suppliers and partners to fostersocietal change and create new opportunities. 15