advertising space; costs incurred to support and maintain online products and services, including datacenter costs androyalties; warranty costs; inventory valuation adjustments; costs associated with the delivery of consulting services; andthe amortization of capitalized software development costs. Capitalized software development costs are amortized overthe estimated lives of the products. Product WarrantyWe provide for the estimated costs of fulfilling our obligations under hardware and software warranties at the time therelated revenue is recognized. For hardware warranties, we estimate the costs based on historical and projected productfailure rates, historical and projected repair costs, and knowledge of specific product failures (if any). The specifichardware warranty terms and conditions vary depending upon the product sold and the country in which we do business, but generally include parts and labor over a period generally ranging from 90 days to three years. For software warranties, we estimate the costs to provide bug fixes, such as security patches, over the estimated life of the software. We regularlyreevaluate our estimates to assess the adequacy of the recorded warranty liabilities and adjust the amounts asnecessary. Research and DevelopmentResearch and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and otherheadcount-related expenses associated with product development. Research and development expenses also includethird-party development and programming costs, localization costs incurred to translate software for international markets, and the amortization of purchased software code and services content. Such costs related to software development areincluded in research and development expense until the point that technological feasibility is reached, which for oursoftware products, is generally shortly before the products are released to production. Once technological feasibility isreached, such costs are capitalized and amortized to cost of revenue over the estimated lives of the products. Sales and MarketingSales and marketing expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and otherheadcount-related expenses associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was$1. 5 billion, $1. 5 billion, and $1. 6 billion in fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Stock-Based CompensationCompensation cost for stock awards, which include restricted stock units (―RSUs‖) and performance stock units (―PSUs‖), is measured at the fair value on the grant date and recognized as expense, net of estimated forfeitures, over the relatedservice or performance period. The fair value of stock awards is based on the quoted price of our common stock on thegrant date less the present value of expected dividends not received during the vesting period. We measure the fair valueof PSUs using a Monte Carlo valuation model. Compensation cost for RSUs is recognized using the straight-line methodand for PSUs is recognized using the accelerated method. Compensation expense for the employee stock purchase plan (―ESPP‖) is measured as the discount the employee isentitled to upon purchase and is recognized in the period of purchase. Income TaxesIncome tax expense includes U. S. and international income taxes, and interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions. Certain income and expenses are not reported in tax returns and financial statements in the same year. The tax effect ofsuch temporary differences is reported as deferred income taxes. Deferred tax assets are reported net of a valuationallowance when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. All deferred income taxes are classified aslong-term in our consolidated balance sheets. 56