T otal RewardsWe develop dynamic, sustainable, market-driven, and strategic programs with the goal of providing a highly differentiatedportfolio to attract, reward, and retain top talent and enable our employees to thrive. These programs reinforce our cultureand values such as collaboration and growth mindset. Managers evaluate and recommend rewards based on, forexample, how well we leverage the work of others and contribute to the success of our colleagues. We monitor pay equityand career progress across multiple dimensions. As part of our effort to promote a One Microsoft and inclusive culture, in fiscal year 2021 we expanded stock eligibility toall Microsoft employees as part of our annual rewards process. This includes all non-exempt and exempt employees andequivalents across the globe including business support professionals and datacenter and retail employees. In responseto the Great Reshuffle, in fiscal year 2022 we announced a sizable investment in annual merit and annual stock awardopportunity for all employees below senior executive levels. We also invested in base salary adjustments for ourdatacenter and retail hourly employees and hourly equivalents outside the U. S. These investments have supportedretention and help to ensure that Microsoft remains an employer of choice. Pay EquityIn our 2021 Diversity and Inclusion Report, we reported that all racial and ethnic minority employees in the U. S. combinedearn $1. 006 for every $1. 000 earned by their white counterparts, that women in the U. S. earn $1. 002 for every $1. 000earned by their counterparts in the U. S. who are men, and women in the U. S. plus our twelve other largest employeegeographies representing 86. 6% of our global population (Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Israel, Japan, Romania, Singapore, and the United Kingdom) combined earn $1. 001 for every $1. 000 by men in thesecountries. Our intended result is a global performance and development approach that fosters our culture, and competitivecompensation that ensures equitable pay by role while supporting pay for performance. Wellness and SafetyMicrosoft is committed to supporting our employees’ well-being and safety while they are at work and in their personallives. We took a wide variety of measures to protect the health and well-being of our employees, suppliers, and customersduring the COVID-19 pandemic and are now supporting employees in shifting to return to office and/or hybridarrangements. We developed hybrid guidelines for managers and employees to support the transition and continue toidentify ways we can support hybrid work scenarios through our employee listening systems. We have invested significantly in holistic wellbeing, and offer a differentiated benefits package which includes manyphysical, emotional, and financial wellness programs including counseling through the Microsoft CARES EmployeeAssistance Program, mental wellbeing support, flexible fitness benefits, savings and investment tools, adoptionassistance, and back-up care for children and elders. Finally, our Occupational Health and Safety program helps ensureemployees can stay safe while they are working. We continue to strive to support our Ukrainian employees and their dependents during the Ukraine crisis with emergencyrelocation assistance, emergency leave, and other benefits. Learning and DevelopmentOur growth mindset culture begins with valuing learning over knowing – seeking out new ideas, driving innovation, embracing challenges, learning from failure, and improving over time. To support this culture, we offer a wide range oflearning and development opportunities. We believe learning can be more than formal instruction, and our learningphilosophy focuses on providing the right learning, at the right time, in the right way. Opportunities include:• Personalized, integrated, and relevant views of all learning opportunities on both our internal learning portalLearning (Viva Learning + LinkedIn Learning) and our external learning portal MS Learn are available to allemployees worldwide. 18