RECENT ACCOUNTING GUIDANCERefer to Note 1 – Accounting Policies of the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10-K for furtherdiscussion. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATESOur consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Preparingconsolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reportedamounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve asignificant level of estimation uncertainty and could have a material impact on our financial condition or results ofoperations. We have critical accounting estimates in the areas of revenue recognition, impairment of investmentsecurities, goodwill, research and development costs, legal and other contingencies, income taxes, and inventories. Revenue RecognitionOur contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted forseparately versus together may require significant judgment. When a cloud-based service includes both on-premisessoftware licenses and cloud services, judgment is required to determine whether the software license is considereddistinct and accounted for separately, or not distinct and accounted for together with the cloud service and recognizedover time. Certain cloud services, primarily Office 365, depend on a significant level of integration, interdependency, andinterrelation between the desktop applications and cloud services, and are accounted for together as one performanceobligation. Revenue from Office 365 is recognized ratably over the period in which the cloud services are provided. Judgment is required to determine the stand-alone selling price (―SSP‖) for each distinct performance obligation. We usea single amount to estimate SSP for items that are not sold separately, including on-premises licenses sold with SA orsoftware updates provided at no additional charge. We use a range of amounts to estimate SSP when we sell each of theproducts and services separately and need to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relativeSSP of the various products and services. In instances where SSP is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, wedetermine the SSP using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. We typically havemore than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services bycustomers and circumstances. In these instances, we may use information such as the size of the customer andgeographic region in determining the SSP. Due to the various benefits from and the nature of our SA program, judgment is required to assess the pattern of delivery, including the exercise pattern of certain benefits across our portfolio of customers. Our products are generally sold with a right of return, we may provide other credits or incentives, and in certain instanceswe estimate customer usage of our products and services, which are accounted for as variable consideration whendetermining the amount of revenue to recognize. Returns and credits are estimated at contract inception and updated atthe end of each reporting period if additional information becomes available. Changes to our estimated variableconsideration were not material for the periods presented. Impairment of Investment SecuritiesWe review debt investments quarterly for credit losses and impairment. If the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, and the extent towhich the fair value is less than cost. This determination requires significant judgment. In making this42