W e offer an array of services, including cloud-based solutions that provide customers with software, services, platforms, and content, and we provide solution support and consulting services. We also deliver relevant online advertising to aglobal audience. Our products include operating systems, cross-device productivity and collaboration applications, server applications, business solution applications, desktop and server management tools, software development tools, and video games. Wealso design and sell devices, including PCs, tablets, gaming and entertainment consoles, other intelligent devices, andrelated accessories. The Ambitions That Drive UsTo achieve our vision, our research and development efforts focus on three interconnected ambitions:• Reinvent productivity and business processes.• Build the intelligent cloud and intelligent edge platform.• Create more personal computing. Reinvent Productivity and Business ProcessesAt Microsoft, we provide technology and resources to help our customers create a secure hybrid work environment. Ourfamily of products plays a key role in the ways the world works, learns, and connects. Our growth depends on securely delivering continuous innovation and advancing our leading productivity andcollaboration tools and services, including Office 365, Dynamics 365, and LinkedIn. Microsoft 365 brings together Office365, Windows, and Enterprise Mobility + Security to help organizations empower their employees with AI-backed toolsthat unlock creativity, increase collaboration, and fuel innovation, all the while enabling compliance coverage and dataprotection. Microsoft Teams is a comprehensive platform for work, with meetings, calls, chat, collaboration, and businessprocess automation. Microsoft Viva is an employee experience platform that brings together communications, knowledge, learning, resources, and insights powered by Microsoft 365. Together with the Microsoft Cloud, Dynamics 365, MicrosoftTeams, and Azure Synapse bring a new era of collaborative applications that transform every business function andprocess. Microsoft Power Platform is helping domain experts drive productivity gains with low-code/no-code tools, roboticprocess automation, virtual agents, and business intelligence. In a dynamic labor market, LinkedIn is helpingprofessionals use the platform to connect, learn, grow, and get hired. Build the Intelligent Cloud and Intelligent Edge PlatformAs digital transformation accelerates, organizations in every sector across the globe can address challenges that will havea fundamental impact on their success. For enterprises, digital technology empowers employees, optimizes operations, engages customers, and in some cases, changes the very core of products and services. Microsoft has a proven trackrecord of delivering high value to our customers across many diverse and durable growth markets. We continue to invest in high performance and sustainable computing to meet the growing demand for fast access toMicrosoft services provided by our network of cloud computing infrastructure and datacenters. Azure is a trusted cloudwith comprehensive compliance coverage and AI-based security built in. Our cloud business benefits from three economies of scale: datacenters that deploy computational resources atsignificantly lower cost per unit than smaller ones; datacenters that coordinate and aggregate diverse customer, geographic, and application demand patterns, improving the utilization of computing, storage, and network resources; andmulti-tenancy locations that lower application maintenance labor costs. 12