NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTSNOTE 1 — ACCOUNTING POLICIESAccounting PrinciplesOur consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principlesgenerally accepted in the United States of America (―GAAP‖). We have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the current period presentation. The recast of these priorperiod amounts had no impact on our consolidated balance sheets, consolidated income statements, or consolidatedcash flows statements. Principles of ConsolidationThe consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Microsoft Corporation and its subsidiaries. Intercompanytransactions and balances have been eliminated. Estimates and AssumptionsPreparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reportedamounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Examples of estimates and assumptions include: for revenuerecognition, determining the nature and timing of satisfaction of performance obligations, and determining the standaloneselling price (―SSP‖) of performance obligations, variable consideration, and other obligations such as product returns andrefunds; loss contingencies; product warranties; the fair value of and/or potential impairment of goodwill and intangibleassets for our reporting units; product life cycles; useful lives of our tangible and intangible assets; allowances for doubtfulaccounts; the market value of, and demand for, our inventory; stock-based compensation forfeiture rates; whentechnological feasibility is achieved for our products; the potential outcome of uncertain tax positions that have beenrecognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns; and determining the timing and amount of impairmentsfor investments. Actual results and outcomes may differ from management’s estimates and assumptions due to risks anduncertainties. In July 2022, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our server and network equipment. Due to investments insoftware that increased efficiencies in how we operate our server and network equipment, as well as advances intechnology, we determined we should increase the estimated useful lives of both server and network equipment from fouryears to six years. This change in accounting estimate will be effective beginning fiscal year 2023. We had previouslyincreased the estimated useful lives of both server and network equipment in July 2020. Foreign CurrenciesAssets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange prevailing during the year. Translation adjustmentsresulting from this process are recorded to other comprehensive income. RevenueProduct Revenue and Service and Other RevenueProduct revenue includes sales from operating systems, cross-device productivity applications, server applications, business solution applications, desktop and server management tools, software development tools, video games, andhardware such as PCs, tablets, gaming and entertainment consoles, other intelligent devices, and related accessories. 52