I ncome TaxesThe objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the currentyear, and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in anentity’s financial statements or tax returns. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is morelikely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technicalmerits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based onthe largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Accounting literaturealso provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of deferred income tax assetsand liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and income tax disclosures. Judgment isrequired in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financialstatements or tax returns. Variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact ourconsolidated financial statements. InventoriesInventories are stated at average cost, subject to the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead related to the purchase and production of inventories. Net realizable value is the estimatedselling price less estimated costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. We regularly review inventory quantities onhand, future purchase commitments with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. These reviews includeanalysis of demand forecasts, product life cycle status, product development plans, current sales levels, pricing strategy, and component cost trends. If our review indicates a reduction in utility below carrying value, we reduce our inventory to anew cost basis through a charge to cost of revenue. CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING ESTIMATEIn July 2022, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our server and network equipment. Due to investments insoftware that increased efficiencies in how we operate our server and network equipment, as well as advances intechnology, we determined we should increase the estimated useful lives of both server and network equipment from fouryears to six years. This change in accounting estimate will be effective beginning fiscal year 2023. Based on the carryingamount of server and network equipment included in property and equipment, net as of June 30, 2022, it is estimated thischange will increase our fiscal year 2023 operating income by $3. 7 billion. We had previously increased the estimateduseful lives of both server and network equipment in July 2020. 44