D evicesWe design and sell devices, including Surface and PC accessories. Our devices are designed to enable people andorganizations to connect to the people and content that matter most using Windows and integrated Microsoft products andservices. Surface is designed to help organizations, students, and consumers be more productive. Growth in Devices isdependent on total PC shipments, the ability to attract new customers, our product roadmap, and expanding into newcategories. GamingOur gaming platform is designed to provide a variety of entertainment through a unique combination of content, community, and cloud. Our exclusive game content is created through Xbox Game Studios, a collection of first-partystudios creating iconic and differentiated gaming experiences. We continue to invest in new gaming studios and content toexpand our IP roadmap and leverage new content creators. These unique gaming experiences are the cornerstone ofXbox Game Pass, a subscription service and gaming community with access to a curated library of over 100 first- andthird-party console and PC titles. The gamer remains at the heart of the Xbox ecosystem. We continue to open new opportunities for gamers to engageboth on- and off-console with both the launch of Xbox Cloud Gaming, our game streaming service, and continuedinvestment in gaming hardware. Xbox Cloud Gaming utilizes Microsoft’s Azure cloud technology to allow direct and on-demand streaming of games to PCs, consoles, and mobile devices, enabling gamers to take their favorite games withthem and play on the device most convenient to them. Xbox enables people to connect and share online gaming experiences that are accessible on Xbox consoles, Windows-enabled devices, and other devices. Xbox is designed to benefit users by providing access to a network of certifiedapplications and services and to benefit our developer and partner ecosystems by providing access to a large customerbase. Xbox revenue is mainly affected by subscriptions and sales of first- and third-party content, as well as advertising. Growth of our Gaming business is determined by the overall active user base through Xbox enabled content, availabilityof games, providing exclusive game content that gamers seek, the computational power and reliability of the devices usedto access our content and services, and the ability to create new experiences through first-party content creators. Search and News AdvertisingOur Search and news advertising business is designed to deliver relevant search, native, and display advertising to aglobal audience. We have several partnerships with other companies, including Yahoo, through which we provide andmonetize search queries. Growth depends on our ability to attract new users, understand intent, and match intent withrelevant content and advertiser offerings. On June 6, 2022, we acquired Xandr, Inc., a technology platform with tools to accelerate the delivery of our digitaladvertising solutions. CompetitionWindows faces competition from various software products and from alternative platforms and devices, mainly from Appleand Google. We believe Windows competes effectively by giving customers choice, value, flexibility, security, an easy-to-use interface, and compatibility with a broad range of hardware and software applications, including those that enableproductivity. Devices face competition from various computer, tablet, and hardware manufacturers who offer a unique combination ofhigh-quality industrial design and innovative technologies across various price points. These manufacturers, many ofwhich are also current or potential partners and customers, include Apple and our Windows OEMs. 24