( a) Refer to Note 11 – Debt of the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10-K.(b) Refer to Note 7 – Property and Equipment of the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10-K.(c) Refer to Note 14 – Leases of the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10-K.(d) Purchase commitments primarily relate to datacenters and include open purchase orders and take-or-pay contractsthat are not presented as construction commitments above. Income TaxesAs a result of the TCJA, we are required to pay a one-time transition tax on deferred foreign income not previously subjectto U. S. income tax. Under the TCJA, the transition tax is payable in interest-free installments over eight years, with 8%due in each of the first five years, 15% in year six, 20% in year seven, and 25% in year eight. We have paid transition taxof $6. 2 billion, which included $1. 5 billion for fiscal year 2022. The remaining transition tax of $12. 0 billion is payable overthe next four years, with $1. 3 billion payable within 12 months. Provisions enacted in the TCJA related to the capitalization for tax purposes of research and experimental expendituresbecame effective on July 1, 2022. These provisions require us to capitalize research and experimental expenditures andamortize them on the U. S. tax return over five or fifteen years, depending on where research is conducted. The finalforeign tax credit regulations, also effective on July 1, 2022, introduced significant changes to foreign tax creditcalculations in the U. S. tax return. While these provisions are not expected to have a material impact on our fiscal year2023 effective tax rate on a net basis, our cash paid for taxes would increase unless these provisions are postponed ormodified through legislative processes. Share RepurchasesDuring fiscal years 2022 and 2021, we repurchased 95 million shares and 101 million shares of our common stock for$28. 0 billion and $23. 0 billion, respectively, through our share repurchase programs. All repurchases were made usingcash resources. As of June 30, 2022, $40. 7 billion remained of our $60 billion share repurchase program. Refer to Note16 – Stockholders’ Equity of the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10-K for further discussion. DividendsDuring fiscal year 2022, our Board of Directors declared quarterly dividends of $0. 62 per share. We intend to continuereturning capital to shareholders in the form of dividends, subject to declaration by our Board of Directors. Refer to Note16 – Stockholders’ Equity of the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10-K for further discussion. Other Planned Uses of CapitalOn January 18, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Activision Blizzard, Inc. (―Activision Blizzard‖) for$95. 00 per share in an all-cash transaction valued at $68. 7 billion, inclusive of Activision Blizzard’s net cash. Theacquisition has been approved by Activision Blizzard’s shareholders, and we expect it to close in fiscal year 2023, subjectto the satisfaction of certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. We will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas oftechnology, as well as continue making acquisitions that align with our business strategy. Additions to property andequipment will continue, including new facilities, datacenters, and computer systems for research and development, salesand marketing, support, and administrative staff. We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to supportgrowth in our cloud offerings. We have operating and finance leases for datacenters, corporate offices, research anddevelopment facilities, Microsoft Experience Centers, and certain equipment. We have not engaged in any related partytransactions or arrangements with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affectliquidity or the availability of capital resources. 41