P roductivity and Business ProcessesOur Productivity and Business Processes segment consists of products and services in our portfolio of productivity, communication, and information services, spanning a variety of devices and platforms. This segment primarily comprises:• Office Commercial (Office 365 subscriptions, the Office 365 portion of Microsoft 365 Commercialsubscriptions, and Office licensed on-premises), comprising Office, Exchange, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Office 365 Security and Compliance, and Microsoft Viva.• Office Consumer, including Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions, Office licensed on-premises, and otherOffice services.• LinkedIn, including Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions.• Dynamics business solutions, including Dynamics 365, comprising a set of intelligent, cloud-basedapplications across ERP, CRM, Customer Insights, Power Apps, and Power Automate; and on-premises ERPand CRM applications. Office CommercialOffice Commercial is designed to increase personal, team, and organizational productivity through a range of productsand services. Growth depends on our ability to reach new users in new markets such as frontline workers, small andmedium businesses, and growth markets, as well as add value to our core product and service offerings to spanproductivity categories such as communication, collaboration, analytics, security, and compliance. Office Commercialrevenue is mainly affected by a combination of continued installed base growth and average revenue per user expansion, as well as the continued shift from Office licensed on-premises to Office 365. Office ConsumerOffice Consumer is designed to increase personal productivity through a range of products and services. Growth dependson our ability to reach new users, add value to our core product set, and continue to expand our product and serviceofferings into new markets. Office Consumer revenue is mainly affected by the percentage of customers that buy Officewith their new devices and the continued shift from Office licensed on-premises to Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions. Office Consumer Services revenue is mainly affected by the demand for communication and storage through Skype, Outlook. com, and OneDrive, which is largely driven by subscriptions, advertising, and the sale of minutes. LinkedInLinkedIn connects the world’s professionals to make them more productive and successful and transforms the waycompanies hire, market, sell, and learn. Our vision is to create economic opportunity for every member of the globalworkforce through the ongoing development of the world’s first Economic Graph, a digital representation of the globaleconomy. In addition to LinkedIn’s free services, LinkedIn offers monetized solutions: Talent Solutions, MarketingSolutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions. Talent Solutions provide insights for workforce planning and toolsto hire, nurture, and develop talent. Talent Solutions also includes Learning Solutions, which help businesses close criticalskills gaps in times where companies are having to do more with existing talent. Marketing Solutions help companiesreach, engage, and convert their audiences at scale. Premium Subscriptions enables professionals to manage theirprofessional identity, grow their network, and connect with talent through additional services like premium search. SalesSolutions help companies strengthen customer relationships, empower teams with digital selling tools, and acquire newopportunities. LinkedIn has over 850 million members and has offices around the globe. Growth will depend on our abilityto increase the number of LinkedIn members and our ability to continue offering services that provide value for ourmembers and increase their engagement. LinkedIn revenue is mainly affected by demand from enterprises andprofessional organizations for subscriptions to Talent Solutions, Sales Solutions, and Premium Subscriptions offerings, aswell as member engagement and the quality of the sponsored content delivered to those members to drive MarketingSolutions. 20