LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCESWe expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flows from operations, and access to capitalmarkets to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financingactivities, such as dividends, share repurchases, debt maturities, material capital expenditures, and the transition taxrelated to the TCJA, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Cash, Cash Equivalents, and InvestmentsCash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaled $104. 8 billion and $130. 3 billion as of June 30, 2022 and2021, respectively. Equity investments were $6. 9 billion and $6. 0 billion as of June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Ourshort-term investments are primarily intended to facilitate liquidity and capital preservation. They consist predominantly ofhighly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. Theinvestments are predominantly U. S. dollar-denominated securities, but also include foreign currency-denominatedsecurities to diversify risk. Our fixed-income investments are exposed to interest rate risk and credit risk. The credit riskand average maturity of our fixed-income portfolio are managed to achieve economic returns that correlate to certainfixed-income indices. The settlement risk related to these investments is insignificant given that the short-terminvestments held are primarily highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities. ValuationIn general, and where applicable, we use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities to determine thefair value of our financial instruments. This pricing methodology applies to our Level 1 investments, such as U. S. government securities, common and preferred stock, and mutual funds. If quoted prices in active markets for identicalassets or liabilities are not available to determine fair value, then we use quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities orinputs other than the quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly. This pricing methodology applies to ourLevel 2 investments, such as commercial paper, certificates of deposit, U. S. agency securities, foreign government bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, corporate notes and bonds, and municipal securities. Level 3 investments arevalued using internally-developed models with unobservable inputs. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on arecurring basis using unobservable inputs are an immaterial portion of our portfolio. A majority of our investments are priced by pricing vendors and are generally Level 1 or Level 2 investments as thesevendors either provide a quoted market price in an active market or use observable inputs for their pricing withoutapplying significant adjustments. Broker pricing is used mainly when a quoted price is not available, the investment is notpriced by our pricing vendors, or when a broker price is more reflective of fair values in the market in which the investmenttrades. Our broker-priced investments are generally classified as Level 2 investments because the broker prices theseinvestments based on similar assets without applying significant adjustments. In addition, all our broker-pricedinvestments have a sufficient level of trading volume to demonstrate that the fair values used are appropriate for theseinvestments. Our fair value processes include controls that are designed to ensure appropriate fair values are recorded. These controls include model validation, review of key model inputs, analysis of period-over-period fluctuations, andindependent recalculation of prices where appropriate. Cash FlowsCash from operations increased $12. 3 billion to $89. 0 billion for fiscal year 2022, mainly due to an increase in cashreceived from customers, offset in part by an increase in cash paid to suppliers and employees. Cash used in financingincreased $10. 4 billion to $58. 9 billion for fiscal year 2022, mainly due to a $5. 3 billion increase in common stockrepurchases and a $5. 3 billion increase in repayments of debt. Cash used in investing increased $2. 7 billion to$30. 3 billion for fiscal year 2022, mainly due to a $13. 1 billion increase in cash used for acquisitions of companies, net ofcash acquired, and purchases of intangible and other assets, and a $3. 3 billion increase in additions to property andequipment, offset in part by a $15. 6 billion increase in cash from net investment purchases, sales, and maturities. 39