220, 000 people who work at Microsoft. Essential to this is our commitment to continually exercise our growth mindset andconfront our fixed mindset with humility, curiosity, compassion, and the recognition that, while none of us will ever beperfect, we can always be better than we are today. This growth mindset served us well through the historic changes of the past few years. It sustains our everyday practice ofcustomer obsession. It helps us care for our colleagues and collaborate more effectively across the company. And itdeeply informs our longstanding commitment to diversity and inclusion. If we want to serve the world, we need to represent the world. Each year we strive to increase representation, and 2022was no exception. We saw the strongest progress in years across several demographic groups, as you can see in ourlatest Diversity & Inclusion Report. We are one of the most transparent companies of our size when it comes to the datawe share, and we continually challenge ourselves to increase visibility into where we’re succeeding and where we need toaddress gaps. We’ve added new data, such as military status, gender representation by geography, employee exits, andadditional pay data, to reflect our workforce more broadly. As we make meaningful progress, we continue our commitmentto meet the increasing expectations for driving innovation, welcoming diverse perspectives, and leading global change. Giving is also core to our culture at Microsoft. In 2022, our employees gave $255 million (with company match) to over32, 000 nonprofits. And more than 29, 000 employees volunteered over 720, 000 hours to causes they care about. I’m constantly in awe of how our employees bring their passion to work each day—for each other, for our customers, andfor their communities.***I want to close by thanking you for your continued investment in Microsoft. Our growth and impact this past year would nothave been possible without your commitment to the company and belief in its mission. The opportunity to apply technology to make a real difference for every customer, community, and country has neverbeen greater. And I truly believe if we continue to live our mission, embrace our responsibility, and grasp that opportunity, there is no limit to what we can achieve for the world in the year ahead and beyond. Satya NadellaChairman and Chief Executive OfficerOctober 24, 20227