MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION ANDRESULTS OF OPERATIONSThe following Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (―MD&A‖) isintended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of Microsoft Corporation. MD&A isprovided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and theaccompanying Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10-K. This section generally discusses theresults of our operations for the year ended June 30, 2022 compared to the year ended June 30, 2021. For a discussionof the year ended June 30, 2021 compared to the year ended June 30, 2020, please refer to in our fiscal year 2022 Form10-K, ―Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations‖ in our Annual Report onForm 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2021. OVERVIEWMicrosoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet toachieve more. We strive to create local opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world. Our platformsand tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public-sector efficiency. They alsosupport new startups, improve educational and health outcomes, and empower human ingenuity. We generate revenue by offering a wide range of cloud-based and other services to people and businesses; licensing andsupporting an array of software products; designing, manufacturing, and selling devices; and delivering relevant onlineadvertising to a global audience. Our most significant expenses are related to compensating employees; designing, manufacturing, marketing, and selling our products and services; datacenter costs in support of our cloud-based services; and income taxes. Highlights from fiscal year 2022 compared with fiscal year 2021 included:• Microsoft Cloud (formerly commercial cloud) revenue increased 32% to $91. 2 billion.• Office Commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 13% driven by Office 365 Commercialgrowth of 18%.• Office Consumer products and cloud services revenue increased 11% and Microsoft 365 Consumersubscribers grew to 59. 7 million.• LinkedIn revenue increased 34%.• Dynamics products and cloud services revenue increased 25% driven by Dynamics 365 growth of 39%.• Server products and cloud services revenue increased 28% driven by Azure and other cloud services growthof 45%.• Windows original equipment manufacturer licensing (―Windows OEM‖) revenue increased 11%.• Windows Commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 11%.• Xbox content and services revenue increased 3%.• Search and news advertising revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs increased 27%.• Surface revenue increased 3%. On March 4, 2022, we completed our acquisition of Nuance Communications, Inc. (―Nuance‖) for a total purchase price of$18. 8 billion, consisting primarily of cash. Nuance is a cloud and artificial intelligence (―AI‖) software provider withhealthcare and enterprise AI experience, and the acquisition will build on our industry-specific cloud offerings. Thefinancial results of Nuance have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. Nuance is reported as part of our Intelligent Cloud segment. Refer to Note 8 – Business Combinations of the Notes toFinancial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10-K for further discussion. 30