F inancial InstrumentsInvestmentsWe consider all highly liquid interest-earning investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase tobe cash equivalents. The fair values of these investments approximate their carrying values. In general, investments withoriginal maturities of greater than three months and remaining maturities of less than one year are classified as short-terminvestments. Investments with maturities beyond one year may be classified as short-term based on their highly liquidnature and because such marketable securities represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations. Debt investments are classified as available-for-sale and realized gains and losses are recorded using the specificidentification method. Changes in fair value, excluding credit losses and impairments, are recorded in othercomprehensive income. Fair value is calculated based on publicly available market information or other estimatesdetermined by management. If the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, generalmarket conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, and the extent to which the fair value is less than cost. Todetermine credit losses, we employ a systematic methodology that considers available quantitative and qualitativeevidence. In addition, we consider specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of, and business outlook for, the investee. If we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the securitybefore recovery, then a decline in fair value below cost is recorded as an impairment charge in other income (expense), net and a new cost basis in the investment is established. If market, industry, and/or investee conditions deteriorate, wemay incur future impairments. Equity investments with readily determinable fair values are measured at fair value. Equity investments without readilydeterminable fair values are measured using the equity method or measured at cost with adjustments for observablechanges in price or impairments (referred to as the measurement alternative). We perform a qualitative assessment on aperiodic basis and recognize an impairment if there are sufficient indicators that the fair value of the investment is lessthan carrying value. Changes in value are recorded in other income (expense), net. DerivativesDerivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities and measured at fair value. The accounting forchanges in the fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation. For derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges, gains and losses are recognized in other income (expense), net with offsetting gains and losses on the hedged items. Gains and losses representing hedge components excludedfrom the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in other income (expense), net. For derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges, gains and losses are initially reported as a component ofother comprehensive income and subsequently recognized in other income (expense), net with the corresponding hedgeditem. Gains and losses representing hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized inother income (expense), net. For derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges, gains and losses from changes in fair values are primarilyrecognized in other income (expense), net. Fair Value MeasurementsWe account for certain assets and liabilities at fair value. The hierarchy below lists three levels of fair value based on theextent to which inputs used in measuring fair value are observable in the market. We categorize each of our fair valuemeasurements in one of these three levels based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurementin its entirety. These levels are:• Level 1 – inputs are based upon unadjusted quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. OurLevel 1 investments include U. S. government securities, common and preferred stock, and mutual funds. OurLevel 1 derivative assets and liabilities include those actively traded on exchanges. 57