REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMTo the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Microsoft CorporationOpinion on the Financial StatementsWe have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Microsoft Corporation and subsidiaries (the―Company‖) as of June 30, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cashflows, and stockholders’ equity, for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2022, and the related notes(collectively referred to as the ―financial statements‖). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all materialrespects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and itscash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2022, in conformity with accounting principlesgenerally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (UnitedStates) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2022, based on criteriaestablished in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations ofthe Treadway Commission and our report dated July 28, 2022, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’sinternal control over financial reporting. Basis for OpinionThese financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express anopinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with thePCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U. S. federal securitieslaws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan andperform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of materialmisstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of materialmisstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to thoserisks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in thefinancial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates madeby management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our auditsprovide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit MattersThe critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statementsthat were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts ordisclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complexjudgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on thecritical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 84