O ur commitment to responsibly develop and use technologies like AI is core to who we are. We put our commitment intopractice, not only within Microsoft but by empowering our customers and partners to do the same and by advocating forpolicy change. We released our Responsible AI Standard, which outlines 17 goals aligned to our six AI principles andincludes tools and practices to support them. And we share our open-source tools, including the new Responsible AIDashboard, to help developers building AI technologies identify and mitigate issues before deployment. Finally, we provide clear reporting and information on how we run our business and how we work with customers andpartners, delivering the transparency that is central to trust. Our annual Impact Summary shares more about our progressand learnings across these four commitments, and our Reports Hub provides detailed reports on our environmental data, our political activities, our workforce demographics, our human rights work, and more. We should all be proud of this work—and I am. But it’s easy to talk about what we’re doing well. As we look to the nextyear and beyond, we’ll continue to reflect on where the world needs us to do better. OUR OPPORTUNITYNow, let me turn to how we are positioned to capture the massive opportunities ahead. Over the past few years, I’vewritten extensively about digital transformation, but now we need to go beyond that to deliver on what I call the ―digitalimperative.‖Technology is a deflationary force in an inflationary economy. Every organization in every industry will need to infusetechnology into every business process and function so they can do more with less. It’s what I believe will make thedifference between organizations that thrive and those that get left behind. In the coming years, technology as a percentage of GDP will double from 5% to 10% and beyond, as technology movesfrom a back-office cost center to a defining feature of every product and service. But even more important will betechnology’s influence on the other 90% of the world’s economy. From communications and commerce, to logistics, financial services, energy, healthcare, and entertainment, digital technology will power the entire global economy as everycompany becomes a software company in its own right. Across our customer solution areas, we are delivering powerful platforms, tools, and services that expand our opportunityto help every organization in every industry deliver on the digital imperative—with a business model that is trusted andalways aligned with their success. Apps and infrastructureWe are building Azure as the world’s computer, with more than 60 datacenter regions—more than any other provider—delivering faster access to cloud services while addressing critical data residency requirements. With Azure Arc, we’rebringing Azure anywhere, meeting customers where they are and enabling them to run apps across on-premises, edge, ormulticloud environments. And we’re extending our infrastructure to the 5G network edge with Azure for Operators, introducing new solutions to help telecom operators deliver ultra-low-latency services closer to end users. As the digital and physical worlds come together, we’re also leading in the industrial metaverse. From smart factories, tosmart buildings, to smart cities, we’re helping organizations use Azure IoT, Azure Digital Twins, and Microsoft Mesh todigitize people, places, and things, in order to visualize, simulate, and analyze any business process. Data and AIFrom best-in-class databases and analytics to data governance, we have the most comprehensive data stack to helpevery organization turn its data into predictive and analytical power. With our new Microsoft Intelligent Data4