judgment, we employ a systematic methodology that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence inevaluating potential impairment of our investments. In addition, we consider specific adverse conditions related to thefinancial health of, and business outlook for, the investee. If we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than notthat we will be required to sell the security before recovery, then a decline in fair value below cost is recorded as animpairment charge in other income (expense), net and a new cost basis in the investment is established. If market, industry, and/or investee conditions deteriorate, we may incur future impairments. Equity investments without readily determinable fair values are written down to fair value if a qualitative assessmentindicates that the investment is impaired and the fair value of the investment is less than carrying value. We perform aqualitative assessment on a periodic basis. We are required to estimate the fair value of the investment to determine theamount of the impairment loss. Once an investment is determined to be impaired, an impairment charge is recorded inother income (expense), net. GoodwillWe allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. Weevaluate our reporting units on an annual basis and, if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocationapproach. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operatingsegment) on an annual basis (May 1 for us) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change thatwould more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. These events orcircumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment ofassets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value ofeach reporting unit. The fair value of each reporting unit is estimated primarily through the use of a discounted cash flowmethodology. This analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependenton internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, estimation of the useful life over whichcash flows will occur, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital. The estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect thedetermination of fair value and goodwill impairment for each reporting unit. Research and Development CostsCosts incurred internally in researching and developing a computer software product are charged to expense untiltechnological feasibility has been established for the product. Once technological feasibility is established, software costsare capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. Judgment is required in determining whentechnological feasibility of a product is established. We have determined that technological feasibility for our softwareproducts is reached after all high-risk development issues have been resolved through coding and testing. Generally, thisoccurs shortly before the products are released to production. The amortization of these costs is included in cost ofrevenue over the estimated life of the products. Legal and Other ContingenciesThe outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. An estimated lossfrom a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that anasset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Indetermining whether a loss should be accrued we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of anunfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. Changes in these factors couldmaterially impact our consolidated financial statements. 43