X box and our cloud gaming services face competition from various online gaming ecosystems and game streamingservices, including those operated by Amazon, Apple, Meta, Google, and Tencent. We also compete with other providersof entertainment services such as video streaming platforms. Our gaming platform competes with console platforms fromNintendo and Sony, both of which have a large, established base of customers. We believe our gaming platform iseffectively positioned against, and uniquely differentiated from, competitive products and services based on significantinnovation in hardware architecture, user interface, developer tools, online gaming and entertainment services, andcontinued strong exclusive content from our own first-party game franchises as well as other digital content offerings. Our Search and news advertising business competes with Google and a wide array of websites, social platforms likeMeta, and portals that provide content and online offerings to end users. OPERATIONSWe have operations centers that support operations in their regions, including customer contract and order processing, credit and collections, information processing, and vendor management and logistics. The regional center in Irelandsupports the European, Middle Eastern, and African region; the center in Singapore supports the Japan, India, GreaterChina, and Asia-Pacific region; and the centers in Fargo, North Dakota, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, Puerto Rico, Redmond, Washington, and Reno, Nevada support Latin America and North America. In addition to the operations centers, we alsooperate datacenters throughout the Americas, Europe, Australia, and Asia, as well as in the Middle East and Africa. To serve the needs of customers around the world and to improve the quality and usability of products in internationalmarkets, we localize many of our products to reflect local languages and conventions. Localizing a product may requiremodifying the user interface, altering dialog boxes, and translating text. Our devices are primarily manufactured by third-party contract manufacturers. For the majority of our products, we havethe ability to use other manufacturers if a current vendor becomes unavailable or unable to meet our requirements. However, some of our products contain certain components for which there are very few qualified suppliers. For thesecomponents, we have limited near-term flexibility to use other manufacturers if a current vendor becomes unavailable or isunable to meet our requirements. Extended disruptions at these suppliers and/or manufacturers could lead to a similardisruption in our ability to manufacture devices on time to meet consumer demand. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENTProduct and Service Development, and Intellectual PropertyWe develop most of our products and services internally through the following engineering groups.• Cloud and AI, focuses on making IT professionals, developers, and their systems more productive andefficient through development of cloud infrastructure, server, database, CRM, ERP, software developmenttools and services (including GitHub), AI cognitive services, and other business process applications andservices for enterprises.• Experiences and Devices, focuses on instilling a unifying product ethos across our end-user experiences anddevices, including Office, Windows, Teams, consumer web experiences (including search and newsadvertising), and the Surface line of devices.• Security, Compliance, Identity, and Management, focuses on cloud platform and application security, identityand network access, enterprise mobility, information protection, and managed services.• Technology and Research, focuses on our AI innovations and other forward-looking research anddevelopment efforts spanning infrastructure, services, and applications.• LinkedIn, focuses on our services that transform the way customers hire, market, sell, and learn. 25