services. The metrics are disclosed in the MD&A or the Notes to Financial Statements in our fiscal year 2022 Form 10-K. Financial metrics are calculated based on financial results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generallyaccepted in the United States of America (―GAAP‖), and growth comparisons relate to the corresponding period of lastfiscal year. In the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, we made updates to the presentation and method of calculation for certain metrics, most notably changes to incorporate all current and anticipated revenue streams within our Office Consumer and Serverproducts and cloud services metrics and changes to align with how we manage our Windows OEM and Search and newsadvertising businesses. None of these changes had a material impact on previously reported amounts in our MD&A. In the third quarter of fiscal year 2022, we completed our acquisition of Nuance. Nuance is included in all commercialmetrics and our Server products and cloud services revenue growth metric. Azure and other cloud services revenueincludes Nuance cloud services, and Server products revenue includes Nuance on-premises offerings. CommercialOur commercial business primarily consists of Server products and cloud services, Office Commercial, WindowsCommercial, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, Enterprise Services, and Dynamics. Our commercial metrics allowmanagement and investors to assess the overall health of our commercial business and include leading indicators offuture performance. Commercial remaining performance obligation Commercial portion of revenue allocated to remainingperformance obligations, which includes unearnedrevenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognizedas revenue in future periodsMicrosoft Cloud revenue Revenue from Azure and other cloud services, Office 365Commercial, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, Dynamics 365, and other commercial cloud propertiesMicrosoft Cloud gross margin percentage Gross margin percentage for our Microsoft Cloud businessProductivity and Business Processes and Intelligent CloudMetrics related to our Productivity and Business Processes and Intelligent Cloud segments assess the health of our corebusinesses within these segments. The metrics reflect our cloud and on-premises product strategies and trends. Office Commercial products and cloud services revenue Revenue from Office Commercial products and cloudgrowth services (Office 365 subscriptions, the Office 365 portionof Microsoft 365 Commercial subscriptions, and Officelicensed on-premises), comprising Office, Exchange, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Office 365 Security andCompliance, and Microsoft VivaOffice Consumer products and cloud services revenue Revenue from Office Consumer products and cloudgrowth services, including Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions, Office licensed on-premises, and other Office servicesOffice 365 Commercial seat growth The number of Office 365 Commercial seats at end ofperiod where seats are paid users covered by an Office365 Commercial subscriptionMicrosoft 365 Consumer subscribers The number of Microsoft 365 Consumer subscribers atend of period32