A s of June 30, 2022, we have additional operating and finance leases, primarily for datacenters, that have not yetcommenced of $7. 2 billion and $8. 8 billion, respectively. These operating and finance leases will commence betweenfiscal year 2023 and fiscal year 2028 with lease terms of 1 year to 18 years. NOTE 15 — CONTINGENCIESAntitrust Litigation and ClaimsChina State Administration for Market Regulation InvestigationIn 2014, Microsoft was informed that China’s State Agency for Market Regulation (―SAMR‖) (formerly State Administrationfor Industry and Commerce) had begun a formal investigation relating to China’s Anti-Monopoly Law, and the SAMRconducted onsite inspections of Microsoft offices in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Chengdu. In 2019, the SAMRpresented preliminary views as to certain possible violations of China’s Anti-Monopoly Law. Product-Related LitigationU. S. Cell Phone LitigationMicrosoft Mobile Oy, a subsidiary of Microsoft, along with other handset manufacturers and network operators, is adefendant in 46 lawsuits, including 45 lawsuits filed in the Superior Court for the District of Columbia by individual plaintiffswho allege that radio emissions from cellular handsets caused their brain tumors and other adverse health effects. Weassumed responsibility for these claims in our agreement to acquire Nokia’s Devices and Services business and havebeen substituted for the Nokia defendants. Nine of these cases were filed in 2002 and are consolidated for certain pre-trialproceedings; the remaining cases are stayed. In a separate 2009 decision, the Court of Appeals for the District ofColumbia held that adverse health effect claims arising from the use of cellular handsets that operate within the U. S. Federal Communications Commission radio frequency emission guidelines (―FCC Guidelines‖) are pre-empted by federallaw. The plaintiffs allege that their handsets either operated outside the FCC Guidelines or were manufactured before theFCC Guidelines went into effect. The lawsuits also allege an industry-wide conspiracy to manipulate the science andtesting around emission guidelines. In 2013, the defendants in the consolidated cases moved to exclude the plaintiffs’ expert evidence of general causation onthe basis of flawed scientific methodologies. In 2014, the trial court granted in part and denied in part the defendants’motion to exclude the plaintiffs’ general causation experts. The defendants filed an interlocutory appeal to the District ofColumbia Court of Appeals challenging the standard for evaluating expert scientific evidence. In October 2016, the Courtof Appeals issued its decision adopting the standard advocated by the defendants and remanding the cases to the trialcourt for further proceedings under that standard. The plaintiffs have filed supplemental expert evidence, portions of whichthe defendants have moved to strike. In August 2018, the trial court issued an order striking portions of the plaintiffs’expert reports. A hearing on general causation is scheduled for September of 2022. Other ContingenciesWe also are subject to a variety of other claims and suits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of ourbusiness. Although management currently believes that resolving claims against us, individually or in aggregate, will nothave a material adverse impact in our consolidated financial statements, these matters are subject to inherentuncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future. As of June 30, 2022, we accrued aggregate legal liabilities of $364 million. While we intend to defend these mattersvigorously, adverse outcomes that we estimate could reach approximately $600 million in aggregate beyond recordedamounts are reasonably possible. Were unfavorable final outcomes to occur, there exists the possibility of a materialadverse impact in our consolidated financial statements for the period in which the effects become reasonably estimable. 76