A s of June 30, 2022, we employed approximately 221, 000 people on a full-time basis, 122, 000 in the U. S. and 99, 000internationally. Of the total employed people, 85, 000 were in operations, including manufacturing, distribution, productsupport, and consulting services; 73, 000 were in product research and development; 47, 000 were in sales and marketing; and 16, 000 were in general and administration. Certain employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. Our CultureMicrosoft’s culture is grounded in the growth mindset. This means everyone is on a continuous journey to learn and grow. We believe potential can be nurtured and is not pre-determined, and we should always be learning and curious – tryingnew things without fear of failure. We identified four attributes that allow growth mindset to flourish:• Obsessing over what matters to our customers.• Becoming more diverse and inclusive in everything we do.• Operating as one company, One Microsoft, instead of multiple siloed businesses.• Making a difference in the lives of each other, our customers, and the world around us. Our employee listening systems enable us to gather feedback directly from our workforce to inform our programs andemployee needs globally. Seventy percent of employees globally participated in our fiscal year 2022 Employee Signalssurvey, which covers a variety of topics such as thriving, inclusion, team culture, wellbeing, and learning anddevelopment. Throughout the fiscal year, we collect over 75, 000 Daily Pulse employee survey responses. During fiscalyear 2022, our Daily Pulse surveys gave us invaluable insights into ways we could support employees through theCOVID-19 pandemic, addressing racial injustice, the war in Ukraine, and their general wellbeing. In addition to EmployeeSignals and Daily Pulse surveys, we gain insights through onboarding, internal mobility, leadership, performance anddevelopment, exit surveys, internal Yammer channels, employee Q&A sessions, and AskHR Service support. Diversity and InclusionAt Microsoft we have an inherently inclusive mission: to empower every person and every organization on the planet toachieve more. We think of diversity and inclusion as core to our business model, informing our actions to impacteconomies and people around the world. There are billions of people who want to achieve more, but have a different setof circumstances, abilities, and backgrounds that often limit access to opportunity and achievement. The better werepresent that diversity inside Microsoft, the more effectively we can innovate for those we seek to empower. We strive to include others by holding ourselves accountable for diversity, driving global systemic change in our workplaceand workforce, and creating an inclusive work environment. Through this commitment we can allow everyone the chanceto be their authentic selves and do their best work every day. We support multiple highly active Employee ResourceGroups for women, families, racial and ethnic minorities, military, people with disabilities, and employees who identify asLGBTQIA+, where employees can go for support, networking, and community-building. As described in our 2021 ProxyStatement, annual performance and compensation reviews of our senior leadership team include an evaluation of theircontributions to employee culture and diversity. To ensure accountability over time, we publicly disclose our progress on amultitude of workforce metrics including:• Detailed breakdowns of gender, racial, and ethnic minority representation in our employee population, withdata by job types, levels, and segments of our business.• Our EEO-1 report (equal employment opportunity).• Disability representation.• Pay equity (see details below). 17