S ervice and other revenue includes sales from cloud-based solutions that provide customers with software, services, platforms, and content such as Office 365, Azure, Dynamics 365, and Xbox; solution support; and consulting services. Service and other revenue also includes sales from online advertising and LinkedIn. Revenue RecognitionRevenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflectsthe consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. We enter into contracts that caninclude various combinations of products and services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for asseparate performance obligations. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected fromcustomers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. Nature of Products and ServicesLicenses for on-premises software provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made availableto the customer. Customers may purchase perpetual licenses or subscribe to licenses, which provide customers with thesame functionality and differ mainly in the duration over which the customer benefits from the software. Revenue fromdistinct on-premises licenses is recognized upfront at the point in time when the software is made available to thecustomer. In cases where we allocate revenue to software updates, primarily because the updates are provided at noadditional charge, revenue is recognized as the updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the estimated life ofthe related device or license. Certain volume licensing programs, including Enterprise Agreements, include on-premises licenses combined withSoftware Assurance (―SA‖). SA conveys rights to new software and upgrades released over the contract period andprovides support, tools, and training to help customers deploy and use products more efficiently. On-premises licensesare considered distinct performance obligations when sold with SA. Revenue allocated to SA is generally recognizedratably over the contract period as customers simultaneously consume and receive benefits, given that SA comprisesdistinct performance obligations that are satisfied over time. Cloud services, which allow customers to use hosted software over the contract period without taking possession of thesoftware, are provided on either a subscription or consumption basis. Revenue related to cloud services provided on asubscription basis is recognized ratably over the contract period. Revenue related to cloud services provided on aconsumption basis, such as the amount of storage used in a period, is recognized based on the customer utilization ofsuch resources. When cloud services require a significant level of integration and interdependency with software and theindividual components are not considered distinct, all revenue is recognized over the period in which the cloud servicesare provided. Revenue from search advertising is recognized when the advertisement appears in the search results or when the actionnecessary to earn the revenue has been completed. Revenue from consulting services is recognized as services areprovided. Our hardware is generally highly dependent on, and interrelated with, the underlying operating system and cannotfunction without the operating system. In these cases, the hardware and software license are accounted for as a singleperformance obligation and revenue is recognized at the point in time when ownership is transferred to resellers ordirectly to end customers through retail stores and online marketplaces. Refer to Note 19 – Segment Information and Geographic Data for further information, including revenue by significantproduct and service offering. Significant JudgmentsOur contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be53